Name: Status HUD
Version: 0.01
Description: Add UI elements to the Map Scene that shows lead character's status
	

Requirements:
	The UI element should show the following information
		HP
		MP
		Character Portrait
		Level/EXP
		Class
		Status Effect List

	HP and MP should be circular gauges that match the color used within the status scene.

	Class and Status Icon list should be displayed within box UI elements.  Class should show the character's class name.
	
	Exp should be a standard gauge.  Level should be displayed to the left of the EXP gauge.  Should is be contained in a small box?  More complex
	background UI elmement may be needed here.

	The character portrait should be circular and fit within the HP/MP gauges.

	Status effect icons should either show up to the side (aligned to the middle) of the HP/MP gauge element or be displayed under the Class Name element.
	
	The UI element position should be an option that the player can change.  Based on the gauge position, the icon list should change sides.  If the UI element
	if in the Top Middle or Bottom Middle, the Icon List should be placed under the Class Name element.

	The HP/MP gauges should have two modes, one where the they are full circles and one where they are half circles.

	The player should be able to turn off the UI element or EXP gauge, Class name, or Status Icon list.  If a UI element is hidden that is above another
	UI element in the stack (IE: Exp, which is above Class Name), then the lower UI element should be moved into the position of the hidden UI element.
	If the player hides EXP, Class Name should be moved up into the EXP gauges position, for example.

	All player selectable options should show up in the options menu:
		Hide entire UI element
		Hide EXP gauge
		Hide Class Name
		Center Status Icon List
		UI element position
		Gauge mode

	UI element should hide automatically for certain events:
		Battle
		Non-map scene opens from a map where the UI element is displayed

		When hiding, the UI element should probably fade out instead of popping out.
		When unhiding, the UI element should probably fade in instead of popping in.


Plugin Params
	Enable Status HUD
		Boolean
		False
		When enabled, turns on the plugin and displays the status window.

	Gauge Mode
		Integer (1-2)
			1 - Circular Gauges
				When enabled, this option will change the HP/MP guages into circular gauges.

			2 - Semi-Cicular Gauges
				When enabled, this option will change the HP/MP gauges into semi-circular gauges.

	HP Gauge Color
		Text
		Default HP Gauge Color
		Sets the gauge color for HP gauge.

	MP Gauge Color
		Text
		Default MP Gauge Color
		Sets the gauge color for MP gauge.

	Default UI Position
		Integer (1-5)
			1 - Top Left
			2 - Top Middle
			3 - Top Right
			4 - Middle Left
			5 - Middle Right
			6 - Bottom Left
			7 - Bottom Middle
			8 - Bottom Right
		1

		Sets the default position that the UI will be displayed.

	Display Class
		Boolean
		False
		When enabled, display the character class in the HUD window.

	Display Status Icon List
		Boolean
		False
		When enabled, displays the set number of status icons in the HUD window.

	Status Display Limit
		Integer (1-5)
		1/5
		Sets the number of icons to be displayed in the status list.  Status order is based on prority.

	Display Level/Exp
		Boolean
		False
		When enabled, displays the character level in the HUD window.

	EXP Gauge Color
		Text
		#FFFFEE
		Sets the color for the EXP gauge.

	Show Downed character
		Boolean
		False
		When enabled, if the lead character is downed, show their status on the HUD window.  When disabled, the next character in the party is shown.

	On-Screen Battle
		Boolean
		False
		When enabled, the UI element won't be hidden during battle, if the on-screen battle plugin being used still uses the normal battle system in some
		way and doesn't have it's own UI elements.


Plugin Commands
	TutorialPlugin5.StatusHUD Enabled Yes/No
		Params:
			Boolean
			true/false

		Enables or disables the status HUD from in-game.


Notes:
	When not on a map, the HUD should be hidden; meaning if in another scene like a shop or potentially when dialog is happening UI element should be hidden.
	These use cases are technically already covered by the plugin command, but allowing the plugin to automatically manage its own visibility status
	based on what is happening would be preferable.  Some situations, like battle, we will need to automate this anyway.

	Check if there is a party leader setting in RPG Maker MV, if so, this character should be the one shown in the UI elmement.  If Downed Character setting
	is disabled, still then go sequentually through party list.

